let me just check the chat to see if
there's any questions hi Jay I'm ready
hello sir says custom Jay what was your
scoring your second attempt I still
haven't received my review I sent an
email today and then they simpler back
saying what is your candidate number or
what was the date of your test so I
still don't know but I will let you know
I'll also let you know that I'm taking
it again this Saturday I'm a sucker for
punishment so I will be taking the IELTS
again for a third time third bite at the
cherry see if I can get those high
scores
it's a crazy test it's really a bit
ridiculous anyway okay this is now
streaming on YouTube live so if my
screen doesn't format on your screen
properly please go and watch this on
youtube live let's get started hello
guys my name is J I'm one of the expert
IELTS teachers here at e to language so
IELTS academic writing task one is
tricky the one we're going to look at
today is less tricky okay I'm going to
teach you a real little trick in this
one as well so usually we look at
different structures we're going to look
at structure again tonight but I'm going
to show you a trick that you can use if
you write below the word count okay so
this one is IELTS academic writing task
1 we're going to look at a tricky bar
chart just before we look at that bar
chart let's read the graph description
which is here this is the first sentence
in this box here it says the bar graph
below shows the literacy levels of males
and females in rural and urban India in
2013 2015 and 2017 let's read it again
so this bar chart here shows the
literacy levels or how well people can
read and write of males and females in
rural and urban India in 3 different
years let's examine the graph because on
test day you really do need to spend
some time looking at analyzing breaking
down pulling apart this bar graph or the
table or the pie charts or water
whatever it is you see in front of you
ok
so let's spend a couple of minutes
really examining this graph before we
start to write I reckon on test day you
should spend at least a minute of just
pure concentration analyzing the graph
before you even put pen to paper
let's look at this alright literacy
levels in India let's break down this
graph let's break it down so on the left
hand side let's start with the y-axis so
we've got a hundred down to zero okay so
we're gonna presume this is percentages
it doesn't actually say but let's just
presume this is percentages now we've
got four different categories here okay
four different categories
we've got rural male in other words men
who live in the countryside okay now if
we look closely here we can see the blue
is 2013 so this is 2013 orange is 2015
is 2015 and gray is 2017 so let's just
concentrate on this first category which
is rural men males who live in the
countryside so in 2013 their literacy
rates with fifty seven point eight seven
two years later they increased to
seventy point seven and then two years
later they increased to seventy seven
point seven okay fine next we've got
rural females so in 2013 their literacy
rates were thirty point six to two years
later forty-six point one three two
years later fifty-seven point nine three
so there was a steady increase there
wasn't there over the how many years two
four six years what about urban males
because on the left hand side we've got
rural rural that has to be the hardest
word to say in English rural on the
right hand side we've got urban urban
male and urban female so let's look at
urban male in the three years so men
living in cities in India have high
literacy rates eighty one point zero
nine that increased then to eighty six
point two seven and that increased again
to eighty eight point seven six open
females it's significantly lower than
men isn't it I mean here it is here on
average and here's the the women living
in the cities significantly lower than
men same as the in rural India as well
men have higher literacy rates all
around but it looks as though people in
urban areas have higher literacy rates
than those in rural areas finally let's
look at women in cities sixty four point
zero five in 2013 seventy two point
eight six in 2015 and 2007 79 point one
one in 2017 so there's a lot of
complexity in this graph okay you need
to wrap your head around it you need to
understand it before you start writing
so we've had a good look at it now we
understand that this four main
categories three different years for
those four categories we're going to
have to make some decisions about what
we compare what we what data we select
and which ones we compare we'll get to
that in a minute
okay structure how are we going to
structure our writing on test day
considering this graph is so complicated
well I don't know how would you
structure your description how would you
structure your description please look
at this graph again and into the chat
just give me the headings of the
paragraphs that you would use to
structure your description I want you to
start of course with the summary but
after the summary what paragraphs would
you write please put it into the chair
I'm going to look at yours
you
okay let's have a look at the chat here
okay you want me to ask you again okay
what I'm asking you is I want you to
look at this graph imagine that it's
test day okay I want you to think about
the structure that you would use on test
day because you want to think of your
structure before you start writing so
first of all you wanna have a summary
sentence like every time we do this we
write the single sentence summary right
what would the next paragraphs look like
what are you going to compare for
example okay so just spend another
minute looking at this and come up with
some sort of structure just the
structure I don't want you to write it I
just want you to put down the headings
for example on YouTube live Karen has
said that she would compare rural and
urban males in one paragraph and rural
and urban females in another paragraph
correct well done that would be a good
structure
Editha says he would compare rural men
and urban men in the first paragraph
you
good okay good let me just check the
people here in the live class
okay somebody said that they would look
at the the literacy rate evolution like
how it develops but you can do that but
what are you going to compare because
remember you have to make comparisons in
this in in writing task 1 okay let me
show you a couple of different ways
because there here's a good saying in
English there are different ways to skin
a cat which means there are different
ways to do something and they're all
correct so let's have a look here here's
one structure that I thought of which
would be that you write the summary fine
then you describe the key features in a
sentence or two and here you would
compare here's your comparison
paragraphs you would compare rural males
versus rural females so the comparison
is about location and literacy rates
right and in this second paragraph you
would compare urban males versus urban
females again the comparisons about
location or where they live and also
your comparing the sexes male or female
as well that's one way to structure it
so let me go back and remind myself
serve rural males versus rural females
okay so what you would be comparing here
you'd be comparing this versus this that
would be your number one paragraph and
then you would compare this versus this
this would be your second paragraph okay
so you'd be comparing basically rural
and rural urban and urban that's one way
to structure this up the second way
would be like this summary sentence key
features and then rural males versus
urban males okay last time we had the
same location this time it's rural and
urban this time you're comparing men in
the two locations and rural and urban
females so let's have a look at this
if my it's gonna crash
is it gonna crash well there it goes
sorry okay let me go back rural males
versus urban males here we go so this
time I'm going to be comparing this with
this okay that would be my number one
paragraph and then I'm going to compare
rural females versus urban females this
could be this could become my second
paragraph here and I compare those two
so you can see that there's different
possibilities of comparison in this
graph
and whichever one you choose it doesn't
really matter actually as long as you
make some logical comparisons now
there's a third way to compare which I
think doesn't make sense which wouldn't
make sense and would be a strange thing
to do let me show you that
so that's structure three so what we
would compare here and look at this and
it just doesn't really make sense
rural males versus urban females or
rural females versus urban males so
let's have a look this rural males
versus urban females okay so we'd be
comparing this rural males versus urban
females we'd make a comparison of these
two and we'd look then make a comparison
of these two but it just doesn't make
sense because what you want to do is you
want to compare men with men rural men
with urban men and rural females with
urban females or you want to compare
rural males with rural females according
to location anyway we'll get we'll get
to it in a second but I just wanted to
show you the different ways to possibly
structure it really there are two main
ways to structure okay cool we're about
to start writing anyway this is how I
structured mine now forget this
paragraph for a second I'll explain in a
second why I added that extra paragraph
but what I did was this I wrote my
summary I wrote a sentence to describe
the key features what I compared this is
the important comparative paragraphs
here and here I did rural males versus
urban males I compared their literacy
rates and then I compared rural females
as females versus urban females I
compared their literacy rates okay
now I'll get to this extra paragraph
later on and I'll show you why I did
that it's a bit of a trick let's start
with the summary sentence this is the
easy one okay this is the easy part let
me read you mine mine says this the bar
graph represents the literacy rate of
Indians in 2013 2015 and 2017 it is
categorized according to their sex and
whether they live in rural or urban
locations I've in fact written two new
sentences why I tried to write one
sentence and combine the the that the
the three years the urban and the rural
the male and the female and the literacy
rate and it just got too complex so I
decided to split my sentence in two I
want to read it to you again so you can
see that the two parts because sometimes
it's better to write a two part summary
sentence so the bar graph represents the
literacy rates of Indians in 2013 2015
and 2017 that's the essential
information then I started a new
sentence here and I said yet the bar
graph is categorized according to their
sex and whether they live in rural or
urban locations so then I put the
additional category information in the
second sentence and I think that's an
excellent sentence so I want you to
rewrite this sentence here in your own
words to say the exact same thing you
have two minutes you may want to write
two sentences your time starts now
you
okay now I've got a really interesting
one here on YouTube live that I'll read
out because it's wrong it says the given
bar graph reveals the educational level
it's a beautiful sentence but the
contents wrong reveals the educational
level among males and females living in
India blah blah blah it's not
educational level this is specifically
literacy level let's take a look at it
because we want to get this right and I
no wonder that a lot of people get six
point five in IELTS you need to get this
stuff right okay first of all we want to
include the fact that it's a bar graph
okay so let's call that number one we
need that information
now literacy levels okay we can't change
this into a synonym you could say rates
of literacy or you could say that the
level of literacy but this word literacy
you can't change or you could say
literate I suppose but basically there's
no sinan in there for literacy because
it's not educational level that's very
different
this is literacy whether they can read
and write okay we need males and females
but we could probably use a synonym
there such as sex or gender or men and
women for example okay there's another
piece of information rural and urban so
this is the fourth piece of information
you need and the fifth piece of piece of
information here is the three-year so in
fact there's one two three four five
things that you need to include in this
summary sentence and that's why I wrote
two because I thought it was too
difficult to write one let me have a
look and just read out a few good ones
the bar graph shows the percentage of
literacy in the year 2013 2014 and 2015
well that's wrong the three years were
wrong but let's pretend they're right in
urban and rural regions of India and
they are differentiated according to
gender okay so far graph one
you see rates to the years three
urban-rural for and gender five you have
all five good well done you've got all
five it wasn't perfect but it wasn't bad
the following graph illustrates the
level of literacy of the population of
India according to rural and urban areas
of three different years okay let's see
so bar graph literacy rural and urban
three different years men and women is
missing okay men and women is missing so
you can see how difficult this can be to
write the summary sentence in fact even
doing this can you know seemingly very
simple really you're just rewriting this
into your own words sometimes you can't
change the words but even this you can
make big mistakes on write you need to
be really careful anyway let's keep
moving or else we'll never get anything
done
cool so we've written our description
now we're going to write just a sentence
or two about the key feature just or key
trends like a like an overview of the
entire graph okay so this is what I
wrote I wrote overall males have higher
rates of literacy than females and those
Indians who live in urban areas have
better reading and writing skills than
those living in rural areas let me read
it again now I'd like to start when I do
my overview sentence my key features
with this word here overall comma
because that's what I'm doing I'm giving
an overall view males have higher rates
of literacy than females and those
Indians who live in urban areas have
better reading and writing skills in
other words literacy literacy than those
living in rural areas so I've identified
two issues here or two key features I've
said men have higher literacy than women
and I've said people who live in the
cities have higher rates of literacy
than those who live in rural areas so I
identified two key
features there's also another key
feature which I'll show you if we look
at the graph the other key feature is so
there are three let's have a look at
them first of all so let's look at men
okay here's the met the men here rural
male look sorry let's compare males and
females here in rural areas okay men is
significantly higher than females and in
urban areas men are higher than females
as well okay so that's one key feature
men are more literate than women in
India now what's another key feature
another key feature is that if we look
at urban areas versus rural areas you
can see that urban areas people in urban
areas are more literate than people in
rural areas so that's another key
feature now there's a third key feature
here which is that literacy rates are
rising okay literacy rates are rising
because you can see the trajectory here
across the years so I want you to write
just you don't need to put all three of
those bits of information into your
sentence maybe just put one or maybe try
and put two you can choose to try and
maybe you can do three anyway you have
two minutes to write your general you
describe the key features or the key
trend in one or two sentences max
you
nice nice nice how did you go riding
that overview sentence over all men did
it to do don't-don't-don't
Nina Simone over all men living in urban
and rural areas have a higher level of
literacy compared to women in the areas
aforementioned okay for an overall it
can be seen that people living in cities
have a higher literacy rate than the
ones in the countryside be it male or
female also men are more literate than
women in India overall good well done
you've identified two key features
that's enough you could have written
three but two is fine now we move on to
the comparative paragraphs this is where
it gets interesting or this is where you
really have to concentrate to get it
right I should say that cool before you
do that guys if you're on YouTube please
click like leave a comment I enjoy
reading nice comments it makes me feel
good you can also click subscribe so you
can get notified when we're doing live
classes and feel free to share this
video all right let's compare let's
compare so I'm going to do comparison
one let me read your mind with regards
to men okay so I'm going to compare men
I'm going to compare rural men and urban
men or countryside men and City men with
regards to men those living in rural
areas had considerably lower literacy
rates than their urban counterparts
while rural male literacy rates rose
sharply from fifty-seven point eight
seven to seventy seven point one five
percent over the three years the
literacy rates of urban males grew more
gradually from eighty one point zero
nine percent to eighty eight point seven
six what did i do what did I do here
alright I don't know about you but I
just I compared rural man versus city
men now I identified two key I didn't
mention every percent
each okay I didn't mention every
percentage you don't have to all I did
was I said a sentence about rural men
compared to urban men significantly
lower literacy rates and then I said in
my second part of the paragraph I said
literacy rates in rural areas grew
significantly from this to this I
skipped this and then I said there was a
similar pattern in city areas though it
was more gradual it grew from this to
this and I skipped this middle one a key
skill in IELTS writing task one academic
is your ability to choose select the
most important data you don't need to
include all data in fact you can't so
choose carefully anyway I'm gonna leave
it up to you to do your first comparison
you can compare men rural men and city
men you can compare rural women and city
women or you can compare rural men and
rural women or urban men and urban women
it's up to you you have four minutes to
write this paragraph of three or four
sentences your time starts now
you
all right
unfortunately this is hard for me to
read how can I make this bigger I can't
can I
okay let me read some of these
comparative paragraphs good somebody's
copied what I've wrote and I think
that's a good thing with regards to men
comma why did I do that because I want
to signal to the IELTS examiner what the
paragraph is about with regards to men
so the IELTS examiner goes okay
this person's comparing men rural man
city men because I've signaled that in
the first phrase with regards to women
for example you could do with regards to
men rural literacy levels are
significantly lesser okay interesting
are or were ELISA were lesser now the
three years mentioned where 2013 2015
and 2017 we can safely assume that this
is the past even though it's 2017 now
it's nearly the end of the year plus
there's a graph sitting there so they've
used data so we use were okay we'll just
put it into past tense I'll get a
show you something in a minute which
would change that with regards to men
rural literacy levels were significantly
lesser less lesser less were less than
lesser I need to think about that one
that's a trick than the urban literacy
levels rural males increased okay
literacy rates of rural males increased
from X to X in 2017 while urban males
also increased gradually by nearly 7%
from X to X by 2017 good that's a really
good paragraph well done just the verb
tense it's a matter of opinion
to be honest you you are also correct
okay I'll just read one more firstly the
rate in the countryside shot
significantly at higher rate than the
city area among males okay I reckon I
reckon having the subject of the
sentence as men or the subject of the
sentence as women rural women urban
women is a better way to structure your
sentence rather than saying people in an
urban area okay can compare urban versus
rural I guess anyway gets tricky let me
read one more rural males are
undoubtedly not as literate as urban
males
have an overwhelming growth rate in
literacy that the urban males from the
bar chart years 2013 through 2017 okay
all right we need to let's let's go back
to the graph let's go back to the graph
and think about sentence structure okay
you need to identify a strong subject
for your sentence because if you don't
you can start to go into these what
should we call them just poorly
constructed sentences we want strong
sharp sentences we need a good subject
and we need to identify the verb let's
have a think about this okay
okay so we're comparing we're comparing
we're comparing okay let's say we're
comparing rural males versus urban males
fine what's the first thing you notice
about rural males versus urban males so
let's say let's start with literacy
levels literacy levels are significantly
lower for men living in rural areas
compared to those living in urban areas
literacy levels are lower for men living
in rural areas compared to men living in
urban areas fine now we get specific so
the rate of literacy Nora again here
even as a native speaker I struggle to
find the the right subject of the
sentence you have to try you have to
experiment and try different ones let's
let's keep thinking about this let's go
back I'm trying to find a good subject
literacy rates of rural men okay that's
not bad the literacy levels of rural men
there's a good subject okay let me write
it here so the literacy rates sorry
rates of sorry ah let me try it down
here the literacy rates or literacy
levels of rural
men okay there's my subject they're the
literacy levels of rural men now what
did they do what did they do because
here's our verb the literacy levels of
rural men increased significantly
increased dramatically dramatically
escalated rose sharply from this to this
so in fact our subject has one two three
four five six words because we're not
talking about rural men I mean we are
but there's more information and we're
not just talking about literacy levels
because we need more information we're
talking about the literacy levels of
rural men now we've got our subject
let's go back and just see what my one
was I just want to show you the subjects
of my sentences okay let's start here
while rural male literacy rates that's
my subject rural male literacy rates
here's my verb rose okay and then here's
my subject here the literacy rates of
urban males grew if you get that subject
right it just falls into place okay
that's fine
let's move on to comparison to let me
read your mind this time I'm comparing
rural females with urban females and I
say this the literacy rates of rural
females were considerably lower than
those women living in urban areas though
rates of literacy of rural females grew
dramatically rising from 30.6 - in 2013
to 46 point one three and 2015 two fifty
seven point nine three and 2017 in
comparison city-dwelling female literacy
rates grew from sixty four point zero
five to seventy nine point one one over
the period let me just walk you through
the subjects and the verbs here so first
of all I just wrote a bit of an overall
diss
scription i said the literacy rates of
rural females of women living in the
countryside were considerably lower than
those women living in urban areas though
now here's my subject rates of literacy
of rural females grew dramatically in
comparison city-dwelling female literacy
rates I've also used the same verb
that's okay don't get too hung up on
synonyms grew from blah blah blah your
turn to write your second comparison you
have four minutes starting now
you
okely-dokely what have we got good
females living in rural areas had
comparatively lower literacy rates go
ahead excellent here's the subject
females living in rural areas females
living in rural areas nice specific
subject had the comparatively lower
literacy rates than the ones who lived
in urban areas however literacy ratios
of women in Erie urban areas seems to be
growing sorry the chat moves I just lost
that one that was a good one that was a
good one I lost it sorry nope here it is
seems to be growing steadily not seems
to be don't put seems to be it's not an
opinion ears or was or did grow rapidly
okay not seems to be growing steadily
from 64 blah blah blah blah one more the
literacy rates among women in urban
areas great there's your subject the
areas the literacy rates among women in
urban areas grew declined rose escalated
whatever it is that's that's you get
that subject right and the rest of your
sentence will follow along
there's definitely something about that
rose gradually in this period
from X to X by 2017 the rural females -
increased increased to comma but at a
higher rate than urban women the rural
females accounted for
- doo doo doo doo good-looking nice well
done that's looking good
okay now usually we would stop writing
after we have written our three
paragraphs but what happened to me is
this
I wrote my summary I wrote my key
features my general description
I wrote my paragraph one where I
compared men with men and I wrote my
second paragraph where I compared women
with women the problem is I wrote a
hundred and forty nine words now I'm I'm
typing this right and so I put it onto
Microsoft Word and I clicked word counts
and it said 149 if I said okay that'll
do and gave my paper to the IELTS
examiner's I would lose one or maybe
even tube and scores for being under the
word count I think you need to write
above a hundred and more you definitely
need to write above a hundred fifty even
around 160 just to make sure that the
IELTS examiner knows that you've written
the proper number of words so I had an
option now I wrote a hundred and forty
nine words so I could just put an
adjective somewhere or an adverb and
there's a hundred and fifty and thank
you very much but I don't want to do
that I'm not going to add and let's say
I did this in time I had I had another
four minutes up my sleeve so I thought
you know what I'm gonna write one more
paragraph that'll push my word count up
to about 180 or I think mine's actually
higher than that and this is and I can
do something clever let me show you what
I did which was clever because what I
have done so far is compared rural men
with city men and I've compared rural
women with city women now I think I've
got an opportunity to compare
men with women okay now I don't have
much time or space so let's just have a
look at what I did here this paragraph
here a comparison of males and females
in 2017 so I've just selected one year a
comparison of males and females in 2017
shows present simple tense because I'm
talking about 2017 that rural men can
read and write at rates of 70 7.15
compared to rural females at fifty-seven
point nine three
similarly urban dwelling males have
higher rates of literacy than their
female counterparts at eighty eight
point seven six and seventy nine point
one one percent comparatively let me
show you what I did so I didn't talk
about 2013 or 2015 I just wanted to talk
about 2017 and I want to compare men and
women so I'm not going to talk about
this or this or this or this or these
ones
you
well and this is here
[Music]
what's going on what's going on okay
still live streaming on YouTube that's
fine just let me something just happened
I don't know if you just did you miss
something then my computer crashed for a
second are you up to date or do you want
me to go back say up to date or go back
in the chat please let me check YouTube
live go back okay okay okay okay sorry
technical
there okay what happened is I wrote this
and I wrote 149 words and I didn't want
to just add a single word I wanted to
boost my word count up to about 180
words so I decided to write another
paragraph here I compared men with men
right the urban and the city men and
here I compared females with females so
I've got room here in this paragraph to
compare men with women or males and
females so that would be a nice little
paragraph to add here so what I did in
fact was this I just compared the year
2017 so I I didn't talk about any of the
blue and orange all I did was this I
compared rural males with rural females
and urban males with urban females and
specifically I compared this number with
this number and this number with this
number here okay so I said I'll read you
the paragraph in a second but I just
thought I would just do one paragraph
focusing on 2017 comparing rural men and
rural women and urban men and urban
women so let me go back and quickly read
you my paragraph so you know what I'm
talking about
a comparison of males and females in
2017 shows that rural men can read and
write at rates of 77 point one five
percent compared to rural females at
fifty seven point nine three percent
similarly urban dwelling males have
higher rates of literacy than their
female counterparts at eighty eight
point seven six and seventy nine point
one one percent comparatively your turn
I want you to compare do a comparison
just for the year 2017 between the men
and the women
you
okay sorry on YouTube it got a bit
blurry there for a minute
mmm I think it's good now though all
right let's have a look at this final
little paragraph in the year 2017
literacy levels of both the genders was
at its highest having higher literacy
levels in males as compared to females
living in countryside okay too complex
too much information separate out your
sentences when you put too much
information and it becomes problematic
males have more literacy percentages
than women whether in urban or in rural
areas urban male has seventy seven point
one six percent and eighty eight point
seven six percent the female has blah
blah blah blah good not bad in 2017 the
urban population had a higher literacy
rate than the rural men sorry the urban
men and women accounted for but the DA
good you're starting to get the the gist
of what's going on here let's just
quickly recap what we've learnt before
we do we want to double check so we want
to quickly read this okay what have I
done
let me just deconstruct what I've done
so here is my summary right and what I
did is I rewrote the description in my
own words we learned that we needed to
include five pieces of information and
that we couldn't use synonyms for words
like literacy because there is no
synonym for a word like literacy okay
here we wrote key features let's call it
K F key features this was just a single
sentence that focused on well there were
three possible key features we just
looked at ooh that's fine
here I compared men with men I compared
rural versus urban men and I did the
same thing here I compared rural females
with urban females in turn
of literacy rates and I included numbers
from the graph in these two paragraphs I
got to 149 words and I thought you know
what I've got enough time I'm gonna
write another small paragraph and I'm
going to compare men with males versus
females but I'm gonna keep it short I'm
just gonna focus on the year 2017
because that was the year when their
literacy rates are at the highest so I
wrote a paragraph about that that my
friends should get me an IELTS 9:00 on
Saturday if it doesn't I'm going to quit
not teaching the IELTS I'm gonna stop
taking the aisles because if this
doesn't get a nine then I genuinely do
not know what can possibly get an IELTS
nine anyway I'll be sure to let you know
about that before I go if you're having
trouble with your IELTS if you need some
help if you need some practice materials
if you want tutorials if you want to
join in the live classes if you want
word lists and and and and method yes
check out this website sign up for a
free account and think about upgrading
for all of those benefits right now
though let me answer a few questions
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo
whoops it's still a bit blurry it was it
sorry about that okay here's a question
right population instead of males and
females no I don't think so because it's
specifically looking at sex of genders
of males and females so when you put
them lump them together no I think you
should keep them separate 2017 is the
present tense why are you talking the
past tense
in fact I didn't I talked in the present
simple I can show you very quickly
because it's well noticed let me just
show you the verbs I use in my final one
here a comparison of males and females
in 2715 shows present simple why because
I'm talking about the present year can
read
and have so there you go so I've used
present simple here I view is past and
here I've used past because I combined
all of the years together and I guess
it's the past but this one 2017 I've
I've moved to the present simple so well
picked up there who ever asked that
question it's a good question
any more questions where can I see the
recorded class for this one sir thank
you it will be on YouTube are the graphs
included in IELTS general no you have to
write a letter not describe a graph
lucky you J in case of a cute card if
the question is just asking to explain a
book okay please see them the video on
that one okay all right it looks like
the screens blurry I'm gonna answer some
questions on YouTube live yep good
supera says a gap of 20% is worth
noticing with regards to literacy levels
of rural male and female fine yep I
agree there's lots of comparisons you
could have made there that's a good one
the
need a conclusion paragraph summarizing
everything that we wrote earlier no you
do not need a conclusion conclusions of
the essays not for this one lit okay
here's a grammatical question literacy
the literacy rate have increased or the
literacy rate has increased literacy
rate is singular so use hands alright
people are asking for more life classes
that's cool can I get one more one class
yes you can and if you join a few
language guys I'm gonna leave it there
I'm starving hungry and thanks very much
I hope you yes it's a tricky part of the
test long time there's a lot of little
parts to this one my connect internet
connection is unstable
I better go how do I get out
you